---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protocols-v2_bgp_group_list Data Source - protocols-v2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# protocols-v2_bgp_group_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) A label selector string to filter the results based on resource labels. If specified multiple times, the union of resources which satisfy a label-selector will be returned.
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) The BGPGroup enables centralized management of BGP peer configurations. This resource allows setting a description, common BGP settings, and peer-specific configurations, simplifying the consistent application of policies across multiple peers. It also includes transport settings, such as local TCP address configuration, passive mode, and TCP MSS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) BGPGroupStatus defines the observed state of BGPGroup (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `as_path_options` (Attributes) AS Path Options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--as_path_options))
- `bfd` (Boolean) Enable or disable Bi-forward Forwarding Detection (BFD) with fast failover.
- `client` (Boolean) When set to true, all configured and dynamic BGP peers are considered RR clients.
- `cluster_id` (String) Enables route reflect client and sets the cluster ID.
- `configured_name` (String) Configures the group name on the device.
- `description` (String) Sets the description on the BGP group.
- `export_policies` (List of String) Reference to a Policy CR that will be used to filter routes advertised to peers.
- `gr_stale_route_time_seconds` (Number) Enables Graceful Restart on the peer and sets the stale route time in seconds.
- `import_policies` (List of String) Reference to a Policy CR that will be used to filter routes received from peers.
- `ipv4_unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv4 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_unicast))
- `ipv6_unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv6 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_unicast))
- `keychain` (String) Reference to a Keychain resource that will be used for authentication with the BGP peer.
- `local_as` (Attributes) The local autonomous system number advertised to peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--local_as))
- `local_preference` (Number) Local Preference attribute added to received routes from the BGP peers, also sets local preference for generated routes.
- `multi_hop_max_hop` (Number) Enable multihop for eBGP peers and sets the maximum number of hops allowed.
- `next_hop_self` (Boolean) When set to true, the next-hop in all IPv4-unicast, IPv6-unicast and EVPN BGP routes advertised to the peer is set to the local-address.
- `peer_as` (Attributes) The autonomous system number expected from peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--peer_as))
- `send_community_large` (Boolean) When false, all large (12 byte) BGP communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `send_community_standard` (Boolean) When false, all standard (4 byte) communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `send_default_route` (Attributes) Options for controlling the generation of default routes towards BGP peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--send_default_route))
- `timers` (Attributes) Timer configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--timers))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--as_path_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.as_path_options`

Optional:

- `allow_own_as` (Number) The maximum number of times the global AS number or a local AS number of the BGP instance can appear in any received AS_PATH before it is considered a loop and considered invalid.
- `remove_private_as` (Attributes) Options for removing private AS numbers (2-byte and 4-byte) from the advertised AS path towards all peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--as_path_options--remove_private_as))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--as_path_options--remove_private_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.as_path_options.remove_private_as`

Optional:

- `ignore_peer_as` (Boolean) If set to true then do not delete or replace a private AS number that is the same as the peer AS number.
- `leading_only` (Boolean) If set to true then only delete or replace private AS numbers that appear before the first occurrence of a non-private ASN in the sequence of most recent ASNs in the AS path.
- `remove_private_as_mode` (String) The method by which private AS numbers are removed from the advertised AS_PATH attribute.



<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4_unicast`

Optional:

- `advertise_ipv6_next_hops` (Boolean) Enables advertisement of IPv4 Unicast routes with IPv6 next-hops to peers.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv4 unicast AFISAFI.
- `prefix_limit` (Attributes) Configures the maximum number of IPv4 unicast prefixes that can be received from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit))
- `receive_ipv6_next_hops` (Boolean) Enables the advertisement of the RFC 5549 capability to receive IPv4 routes with IPv6 next-hops.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4_unicast.prefix_limit`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted` (Attributes) Configuration of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted))
- `prefix_limit_received` (Attributes) Configuration of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4_unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_accepted`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold_percent` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv4_unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_received`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold_percent` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6_unicast`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv6 unicast AFISAFI
- `prefix_limit` (Attributes) Enables advertisement of IPv6 Unicast routes with IPv4 next-hops to peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6_unicast.prefix_limit`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted` (Attributes) Configuration of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted))
- `prefix_limit_received` (Attributes) Configuration of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6_unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_accepted`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold_percent` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ipv6_unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_received`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold_percent` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--local_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.local_as`

Optional:

- `autonomous_system` (Number) Local Autonomous System number.
- `prepend_global_as` (Boolean) When set to true, the global ASN value is prepended to the AS path in outbound routes towards each BGP peer.
- `prepend_local_as` (Boolean) When set to true, the local AS value is prepended to the AS path of inbound routes from each EBGP peer.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--peer_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.peer_as`

Optional:

- `autonomous_system` (Number) Local Autonomous System number.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--send_default_route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.send_default_route`

Optional:

- `address_families` (List of String) Enables the sending of a synthetically generated default IPv4 or IPV6 route to each peer.
- `export_policy` (String) Reference to a Policy that should be applied to the advertised default routes, in order to set their attributes to non-default values.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--timers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.timers`

Optional:

- `connect_retry_seconds` (Number) The time interval in seconds between successive attempts to establish a session with a peer.
- `hold_time_seconds` (Number) The hold-time interval in seconds that the router proposes to the peer in its OPEN message.
- `keep_alive_seconds` (Number) The interval in seconds between successive keepalive messages sent to the peer.
- `minimum_advertisement_interval_seconds` (Number) The value assigned to the MinRouteAdvertisementIntervalTimer of RFC 4271, for both EBGP and IBGP sessions, in seconds.



<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the BGP group.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change_time` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `num_peers` (Number) Number of configured BGP peers within the BGP Group.
- `num_peers_oper_down` (Number) Number of configured BGP peers which have an Operational State of down within the BGP Group.
- `num_peers_unknown` (Number) Number of configured BGP peers within the BGP Group which cannot be reached by npp.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the BGP group.
