---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protocols-v2_ospf_interface_list Data Source - protocols-v2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# protocols-v2_ospf_interface_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) A label selector string to filter the results based on resource labels. If specified multiple times, the union of resources which satisfy a label-selector will be returned.
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) OSPFInterfaceSpec defines the desired state of OSPFInterface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) OSPFInterfaceStatus defines the observed state of OSPFInterface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `bfd` (Attributes) Configure BFD on the OSPF interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--bfd))
- `dead_interval_seconds` (Number) Dead Interval in seconds.
- `hello_interval_seconds` (Number) Hello Interval in seconds.
- `interface` (String) Reference to a RoutedInterface.
- `interface_kind` (String) Reference to the Kind of interface to enable OSPF on.
- `metric` (Number) Interface metric.
- `mtu` (Number) OSPF interface MTU
- `ospf_area` (String) Reference to a OSPFArea.
- `ospf_instance` (String) Reference to a OSPF Instance on which the OSPF area is configured.
- `passive` (Boolean) Configure the OSPF interface as passive.
- `type` (String) OSPF interface type.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--bfd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.bfd`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables BFD on the OSPF interface.
- `strict_mode` (Boolean) Enables BFD Strict Mode on the OSPF interface.
- `strict_mode_hold_down_seconds` (Number) Enables Hold Down Timer for BFD Strict Mode, in seconds.



<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the OSPF interface.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change_time` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `neighbors` (Attributes List) Neighbor status within the OSPF interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--neighbors))
- `num_neighbors` (Number) The number of discovered neighbors.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the OSPF interface.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--neighbors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.neighbors`

Read-Only:

- `adjacency_state` (String) Adjacency state of the OSPF neighbor.
- `neighbor_router_id` (String) Router ID of the OSPF neighbor.
