---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "protocols-v2_bgp_peer Resource - protocols-v2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# protocols-v2_bgp_peer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) BGPPeer enables the configuration of BGP sessions. It allows specifying a description, an interface reference (either RoutedInterface or IRBInterface), and the peer IP address. The resource also supports dynamic neighbors, common BGP settings, and peer-specific configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the BGPPeer
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate
- `status` (Attributes) BGPPeerStatus defines the observed state of BGPPeer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `group` (String) Reference to a BGPGroup. When present this BGP peer will be added to the BGP group
- `interface` (String) Reference to a RoutedInterface or IRBInterface resource whose IP will be used as a source IP for the BGP session.
- `interface_kind` (String) InterfaceReference type defines whether the provided Reference is a RoutedInterface or IRBInterface.

Optional:

- `as_path_options` (Attributes) AS Path Options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--as_path_options))
- `bfd` (Boolean) Enable or disable Bi-forward Forwarding Detection (BFD) with fast failover.
- `client` (Boolean) When set to true, all configured and dynamic BGP peers are considered RR clients.
- `cluster_id` (String) Enables route reflect client and sets the cluster ID.
- `description` (String) Sets the description on the BGP peer
- `dynamic_neighbor` (Boolean) When set to true the Interface is added to the dynamic-neighbor list for dynamic peering.
- `dynamic_neighbor_allowed_peer_ass` (List of Number) The autonomous system numbers allowed from peers if dynamic peering is enabled.
- `export_policies` (List of String) Reference to a Policy CR that will be used to filter routes advertised to peers.
- `gr_stale_route_time_seconds` (Number) Enables Graceful Restart on the peer and sets the stale route time in seconds.
- `import_policies` (List of String) Reference to a Policy CR that will be used to filter routes received from peers.
- `ipv4_unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv4 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4_unicast))
- `ipv6_unicast` (Attributes) Parameters relating to the IPv6 unicast AFI/SAFI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6_unicast))
- `keychain` (String) Reference to a Keychain resource that will be used for authentication with the BGP peer.
- `local_as` (Attributes) The local autonomous system number advertised to peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--local_as))
- `local_preference` (Number) Local Preference attribute added to received routes from the BGP peers, also sets local preference for generated routes.
- `multi_hop_max_hop` (Number) Enable multihop for eBGP peers and sets the maximum number of hops allowed.
- `next_hop_self` (Boolean) When set to true, the next-hop in all IPv4-unicast, IPv6-unicast and EVPN BGP routes advertised to the peer is set to the local-address.
- `node` (String) Node on which to configure the BGP peer. This node must be one of the nodes on which the IRBInterface is configured.  When left blank or if the node is not part of the IRBInterface, the peer will not be deployed. Ignored for RoutedInterfaces.
- `peer_as` (Attributes) The autonomous system number expected from peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--peer_as))
- `peer_ip` (String) Peer IP to which the peering session will be established.
- `send_community_large` (Boolean) When false, all large (12 byte) BGP communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `send_community_standard` (Boolean) When false, all standard (4 byte) communities from all outbound routes advertised to the peer are stripped.
- `send_default_route` (Attributes) Options for controlling the generation of default routes towards BGP peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--send_default_route))
- `timers` (Attributes) Timer configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--timers))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--as_path_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.as_path_options`

Optional:

- `allow_own_as` (Number) The maximum number of times the global AS number or a local AS number of the BGP instance can appear in any received AS_PATH before it is considered a loop and considered invalid.
- `remove_private_as` (Attributes) Options for removing private AS numbers (2-byte and 4-byte) from the advertised AS path towards all peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--as_path_options--remove_private_as))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--as_path_options--remove_private_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.as_path_options.remove_private_as`

Optional:

- `ignore_peer_as` (Boolean) If set to true then do not delete or replace a private AS number that is the same as the peer AS number.
- `leading_only` (Boolean) If set to true then only delete or replace private AS numbers that appear before the first occurrence of a non-private ASN in the sequence of most recent ASNs in the AS path.
- `remove_private_as_mode` (String) The method by which private AS numbers are removed from the advertised AS_PATH attribute.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4_unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4_unicast`

Optional:

- `advertise_ipv6_next_hops` (Boolean) Enables advertisement of IPv4 Unicast routes with IPv6 next-hops to peers.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv4 unicast AFISAFI.
- `prefix_limit` (Attributes) Configures the maximum number of IPv4 unicast prefixes that can be received from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit))
- `receive_ipv6_next_hops` (Boolean) Enables the advertisement of the RFC 5549 capability to receive IPv4 routes with IPv6 next-hops.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4_unicast.prefix_limit`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted` (Attributes) Configuration of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted))
- `prefix_limit_received` (Attributes) Configuration of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4_unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_accepted`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold_percent` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv4_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv4_unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_received`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold_percent` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6_unicast"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6_unicast`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables the IPv6 unicast AFISAFI
- `prefix_limit` (Attributes) Enables advertisement of IPv6 Unicast routes with IPv4 next-hops to peers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6_unicast.prefix_limit`

Optional:

- `prefix_limit_accepted` (Attributes) Configuration of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted))
- `prefix_limit_received` (Attributes) Configuration of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received from a BGP peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_accepted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6_unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_accepted`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting only accepted routes.
- `warning_threshold_percent` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be accepted before a warning is logged.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ipv6_unicast--prefix_limit--prefix_limit_received"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ipv6_unicast.prefix_limit.prefix_limit_received`

Optional:

- `log_only` (Boolean) Defines the action to take when the maximum number of prefixes is exceeded. Session is reset if set to false, otherwise only a warning is logged.
- `max_received_routes` (Number) Maximum number of prefixes allowed to be received from the neighbor, counting all routes (accepted and rejected by import policies).
- `warning_threshold_percent` (Number) A percentage of the maximum number of prefixes that can be received before a warning is logged.




<a id="nestedatt--spec--local_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.local_as`

Required:

- `autonomous_system` (Number) Local Autonomous System number.

Optional:

- `prepend_global_as` (Boolean) When set to true, the global ASN value is prepended to the AS path in outbound routes towards each BGP peer.
- `prepend_local_as` (Boolean) When set to true, the local AS value is prepended to the AS path of inbound routes from each EBGP peer.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--peer_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.peer_as`

Required:

- `autonomous_system` (Number) Local Autonomous System number.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--send_default_route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.send_default_route`

Required:

- `address_families` (List of String) Enables the sending of a synthetically generated default IPv4 or IPV6 route to each peer.

Optional:

- `export_policy` (String) Reference to a Policy that should be applied to the advertised default routes, in order to set their attributes to non-default values.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--timers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.timers`

Optional:

- `connect_retry_seconds` (Number) The time interval in seconds between successive attempts to establish a session with a peer.
- `hold_time_seconds` (Number) The hold-time interval in seconds that the router proposes to the peer in its OPEN message.
- `keep_alive_seconds` (Number) The interval in seconds between successive keepalive messages sent to the peer.
- `minimum_advertisement_interval_seconds` (Number) The value assigned to the MinRouteAdvertisementIntervalTimer of RFC 4271, for both EBGP and IBGP sessions, in seconds.



<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicated whether the BGP Peer is administratively enabled.
- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the BGP peer.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change_time` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `last_event` (String) Last event of the BGP peer.
- `last_state` (String) Last state of the BGP peer.
- `negotiated_hold_time_seconds` (Number) Hold time negotiated with the BGP peer, in seconds.
- `negotiated_keepalive_interval_seconds` (Number) Keepalive interval negotiated with the BGP peer, in seconds.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the BGP peer
- `peer_as` (Number) Peer AS of the BGP peer.
- `session_state` (String) The state of the BGP session.
- `under_maintenance` (Boolean) Indicates if the BGP peer is under maintenance.
